So, talking about Godzilla.
So... (***)
Do you think that was the only way to kill Godzilla?
I know...
Ohhh... You see  could have...
have other other monsters may come out in uh minus one
Yeah...  yeah...  So but if okay this is a good idea...
if you two bring another kaiju in minus one
Which kaiju do you think you will pick?
Master King Ghidorah.
Ohhh...  why do you think you want to do what about
What about the rattle?
Wow...
Hmm...
Then the original will be the muffler then.
Yeah...
But isn't that the first enemy or first...
Kaiju that came out in Godzilla is Masa.
Ohhhh...
Spiky one?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. That came out first maybe?
Hmm...
That's Godzilla and them fighting together, right? Fighting with each other.
But if muscle comes out the muscles
Basically, Masuda is a good guy. Usually.
so they can't they will they will be protecting the human instead of fighting
So... any... Yeah...
That could be a possibility, but that means that the little Peanuts girls may come out too.
start singing songs
So.. Any other any other Kaiju?
or monster that could have came out of that minus one.
yeah that's too sophisticated for the
Ahh...
don't you like i would like to see king ugidora like the one that we have
in the animation King Ghidorah. ..
Yeah.. Yeah.. free...  Wow.
But it was super long. It extended from the sky to the ground.
Yeah... Yeah... Ahhh...
I thought that would be cool to have that in that type of a real...
real uh human you know i don't think that's even possible
Well, I guess we can do with the CG now. We can do it.
Ahhh...What about...
The son of Godzilla come out.
me neither come out in the minus one do you think
Yeah...
Yeah... So it's going to be very, very different. okay
or any other weapons that you might want to see when they're attacking
the Gojira instead of  (***)
Hmm...
Do you like the tank? Do you like a chang..
See, that movie was right after World War II.
Right?  then Japan were defeated and they basically had nothing.
Right in so...
Well they say that they can't use anything.
because they basically used up all the resources.
for the war, during the war so they don't have anything to spare
Yeah...I think so.
Yeah...
I think them at least
It wasn't powerful enough to attack anything.
but at least they can protect themselves from other invasion.
from china or different countries
No.. Ship is strong enough to defeat any Godzilla, I mean, Godzilla.
As you can see from Gojira and Kong
Have you seen that scene? Yeah, they were like split into half.
No problem.
So...
so...
Godzilla was  well other one is like
Yeah...
So he, who was the pilot guy?
He's the one who got into the airplane, right? And then...
so what was the plan again for what was what was he had to fly
It was for this distraction
Ohhhh...
Ohhh I see... But the airplane was used to do that.
Hmm...
But the airplane didn't have any machine guns or anything like that.
Oh, you did?
Ohhhh...
also that's kind of distraction so it's like hey i'm here i'm here kind of thing
Yeah... yeah... But because the airplane was fast too. Was it a fast airplane?
Okay.